♪The waves of sword dance send out ripples♪
♪I weather the raging storm to chase after the victorious banner♪
♪The snow is not concerned with joy or sadness♪
♪The horse rein I have been holding falls apart in the desert♪
♪My greenness is not an excuse to be bullied♪
♪Spreading the wings and soaring, inviting recklessness at any moment♪
♪I do not fear the life of hardship♪
♪For I shall solve all riddles destined for me♪
♪Great difficulties can summon the sea of courage♪
♪It's worth defending heroic spirits in the martial arts world♪
♪One smile is all it takes, I travel faraway with my spirited ballads♪
♪Chasing after the hot-blooded dreams♪
♪Growing old with a heart of gold♪
♪The journey ahead will leave scars♪
♪A life is only worth living with adventures♪
♪Conflicts are witnessed by the clashing of youths♪
♪Brushing against the blade of time♪
♪At the end of the universe, we embark on another journey yet again♪
♪Chasing after the hot-blooded dreams♪
♪Growing old with a heart of gold♪
♪The journey ahead will leave scars♪
♪A life is only worth living with adventures♪
♪Conflicts are witnessed by the clashing of youths♪
♪Brushing against the blade of time♪
♪At the end of the universe, we embark on another journey yet again♪
[The Blood of Youth: Quest of Heroic Hearts]
[Episode 22]
What would you like, gentlemen?
We want
to be different.
Different?
Yes.
Different.
Count on me.
This way, please.
Come out.
Well,
please bear with it.
I think
it works quite well.
Is this to your satisfaction?
Of course.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Let's go.
Buns! Hot, steamy buns!
Come take a look.
You must be hungry.
I'll buy some food.
Wait for me.
Buns.
Sir.
Two buns, please.
All right.
The big one.
Here.
Thank you.
Buns!
What a dumb woman.
She'll fetch me a great price.
Spare me, Sir.
Sir.
I didn't know you were a man.
Don't.
Weigui.
Why did you come here?
What is going on?
Sir,
save me.
I didn't know he was a man.
I thought he was a lost girl,
and I wanted to escort her home.
I...
It's all a misunderstanding.
I see.
You are a human trafficker.
No.
Of course, not.
I'm not.
Weigui.
People like him
shouldn't be killed.
He should be
castrated instead.
You might as well kill me.
Then, I'll kill you.
Don't.
Sir.
I'm sorry.
Please show mercy
and release me.
I will turn over a new leaf.
Spare me, Sir.
Killing you will only
dirty my hands.
Weigui.
Let's continue our journey.
We'll
leave him to his own fate.
Let's go.
Don't.
Don't leave, Sir.
Sir.
We're in the middle of nowhere. Untie me!
Sir!
Miss.
Save me.
I just ran into a group of bandits.
They stole everything from me.
Save me.
Sect Leader Ye,
you promised to get me the Skysplitter.
But now,
the sword and its bearer are gone.
How do you explain this?
Be patient.
I know where they are.
Even though we didn't get the Skysplitter,
I have ways to make them
surrender it to me.
Weigui is now haunted by his inner demon
and has killed many.
Righteous sects like yours should capture him
and restore peace to the world.
Then,
we will lure Lei Lingze out.
Desperate to save his friend,
he will give us
the Skysplitter.
Fine.
If we fail to get the Skysplitter this time,
I'll mobilize the entire martial arts world
to kill you.
Sect Leader,
your ailment...
This time,
I must get the Skysplitter.
Was this your home?
Did you return here before?
Who are you?
We are traveling
to visit our relatives.
We don't have an accommodation.
We were passing by and saw
that there was no one here,
so we came in.
Are you the owner?
This place
hasn't been occupied for a long time.
For a long time?
But it
doesn't look dilapidated.
The previous owner
moved in from another region.
He was so kind.
Our village is poor.
He helped
every household in the village.
However,
one day,
his family was murdered.
His only son
went missing as well.
As his neighbors,
we keep the place tidy
from time to time.
If the son returns someday,
he has a place to live, at least.
I'm sure you won't be able
to find an accommodation now.
Why don't you stay here?
The previous owner
was a kind person.
If he were here,
he would've accommodated you as well.
If the surviving son
were still alive,
he would be around your age now.
Just stay here.
Thank you.
Weigui.
Did you hear that?
Come.
Suddenly, I realize
that some things are best
left forgotten.
Indeed.
Weigui.
Did you recall anything?
This sword.
Do you remember it?
It's the Skysplitter we've been looking for.
After we held a funeral for Hua Xiaohua,
I buried this sword
alongside her.
But I took it out now,
thinking
that it can help dispel your inner demon
and recall your lost memory.
Forget it.
It's fine if you can't recall anything.
Now that we're back here,
I'm sure
you'll overcome your inner demon
and reclaim your lost memory.
Let's go.
Which chamber did you stay in when you were little?
Do you still remember?
I want to visit it.
Sir, please tell me
where he is.
[Weigui's Father]
I can satisfy whatever demand
you make.
I do not know where Xiao Se is.
But everyone says
you're one of the few good friends he has.
Surely, you know.
It's just a rumor.
I don't know anyone called Xiao Se.
You lied.
Uncle Xiao came to you before he left.
He wants to live in seclusion.
I shouldn't let anyone disturb him.
Protecting each other.
That's
what friendship means.
Then,
can no one cure her at all?
Her ailment
is very rare.
Even if there is a cure,
it comes at the cost of her life.
After she is cured,
she only has three days to live.
Therefore, why not let her cling to that hope?
It's painful,
but she will continue living.
Weigui.
Hide now.
You must live.
Father.
Weigui.
♪How can I make peace when time♪
♪Only leaves me with my shadow?♪
♪Yet the intertwining bonds in my life♪
♪Render me blind♪
♪I was once naive and innocent♪
♪Seeking a soul with whom to dance♪
♪Yet my life is like a wisp of smoke♪
♪Scattered by a gust of wind♪
♪In this life, I am not destined to be understood♪
♪But misunderstood♪
♪I do not know sincerity♪
♪If the river of time could flow back to its starting point♪
♪Let's not meet again♪
♪No one will be able to understand me♪
♪None will go as I wish♪
♪How I long for that one moment to last forever♪
♪All mortal obsessions turn into dusts of nothingness♪
♪Let's not meet in another life♪
♪Not in another life♪
♪How can I make peace when time♪
♪Only leaves me with my shadow?♪
♪Yet the intertwining bonds in my life♪
♪Render me blind♪
♪I was once naive and innocent♪
♪Seeking a soul with whom to dance♪
♪Yet my life is like a wisp of smoke♪
♪Scattered by a gust of wind♪
♪In this life, I am not destined to be understood♪
♪But misunderstood♪
♪I do not know sincerity♪
♪If the river of time could flow back to its starting point♪
♪Let's not meet in another life♪
♪Not in another life♪